README.md, before:

# Vue VSCode Snippets

 ![vue-snippet-hero](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/s.cdpn.io/28963/vue-snippet-hero.gif)

## Description

These snippets were built to supercharge my workflow in the most seamless manner possible.

This repo was built particularly for real world use. It doesn't catalogue the API definitions, and it's not a kitchen sink approach. Rather, it focuses on developer ergonomics from the point of Vue of real world use. Included are the pieces I personally get sick of typing, have to keep looking up, or forget to consider while developing that I make more use of when they're at my fingertips. 

_Current version: Vue2_

![SnippetDemo](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/s.cdpn.io/28963/SnippetDemo.gif)

## Installation

_Either_

* click the extensions button (lowest square icon in the editor), and type in Vue VSCode Snippets, select the one by sdras

_or_

* go here [vscode Extensions Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sdras.vue-vscode-snippets)

```javascript
ext install Vue VSCode Snippets
```

You can enable tab completion (recommended) by opening `Code > Preferences > Settings` (on a Mac) and applying `"editor.tabCompletion": true` to your personal settings

## Snippets

### Vue

| Snippet                | Purpose             |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| `vbase`                | Single file component base |

### Template

| Snippet                | Purpose             |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| `vfor`                 | v-for directive |
| `vmodel`               | Semantic v-model directive |
| `vmodel-num`           | Semantic v-model number directive |
| `von`                  | v-on click handler with arguments |
| `vel-props`            | Component element with props |
| `vsrc`                 | Image src binding |
| `vstyle`               | Inline style binding |
| `vstyle-obj`           | Inline style binding with objects |
| `vclass`               | Class binding |
| `vclass-obj`           | Class binding with objects |
| `vclass-obj-mult`      | Multiple conditional class bindings |
| `vanim`                | Transition component with JS hooks |
| `vnuxtl`               | Nuxt Routing Link |

### Script

| Snippet                | Purpose             |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| `vdata`                | Component data as a function |
| `vmethod`              | Vue method |
| `vcomputed`            | Vue computed property |
| `vwatcher`             | Vue watcher with new and old value args |
| `vprops`               | Props with type and default |
| `vimport`              | Import one component into another |
| `vimport-c`            | Import one component into another within the export statement |
| `vimport-export`       | Import one component into another and use it within the export statement |
| `vfilter`              | Vue filter |
| `vmixin`               | Create a Vue Mixin |
| `vmixin-use`           | Bring a mixin into a component to use |
| `vc-direct`            | Vue create a custom directive |
| `vimport-lib`          | Import a library |
| `vimport-gsap`         | Import GreenSock with Timeline and Eases |
| `vanimhook-js`         | Using the Transition component JS hooks in methods |
| `vcommit`              | Commit to Vuex store in methods for mutation |
| `vdispatch`            | Dispatch to Vuex store in methods for action |
| `vinc`                 | incrementer |
| `vdec`                 | decrementer |

### Vuex

| Snippet                | Purpose             |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| `vstore`               | Base for Vuex store.js |
| `vgetter`              | Vuex Getter |
| `vmutation`            | Vuex Mutation |
| `vaction`              | Vuex Action |
| `vstore-import`        | Import vuex store into main.js |

### Nuxt Config

| Snippet                | Purpose             |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| `nfont`                | link to include fonts in a nuxt project, in nuxt-config |

### Extra (plaintext)

| Snippet                | Purpose             |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| `gitignore`            | .gitignore file presets |


## Contributing
This is an open source project open to anyone. Contributions are welcome :[github](https://github.com/sdras/vue-vscode-snippets)

Commit message:

add in link for css assets for nuxt-config

README.md, after:

# Vue VSCode Snippets

 ![vue-snippet-hero](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/s.cdpn.io/28963/vue-snippet-hero.gif)

## Description

These snippets were built to supercharge my workflow in the most seamless manner possible.

This repo was built particularly for real world use. It doesn't catalogue the API definitions, and it's not a kitchen sink approach. Rather, it focuses on developer ergonomics from the point of Vue of real world use. Included are the pieces I personally get sick of typing, have to keep looking up, or forget to consider while developing that I make more use of when they're at my fingertips. 

_Current version: Vue2_

![SnippetDemo](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/s.cdpn.io/28963/SnippetDemo.gif)

## Installation

_Either_

* click the extensions button (lowest square icon in the editor), and type in Vue VSCode Snippets, select the one by sdras

_or_

* go here [vscode Extensions Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sdras.vue-vscode-snippets)

```javascript
ext install Vue VSCode Snippets
```

You can enable tab completion (recommended) by opening `Code > Preferences > Settings` (on a Mac) and applying `"editor.tabCompletion": true` to your personal settings

## Snippets

### Vue

| Snippet                | Purpose             |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| `vbase`                | Single file component base |

### Template

| Snippet                | Purpose             |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| `vfor`                 | v-for directive |
| `vmodel`               | Semantic v-model directive |
| `vmodel-num`           | Semantic v-model number directive |
| `von`                  | v-on click handler with arguments |
| `vel-props`            | Component element with props |
| `vsrc`                 | Image src binding |
| `vstyle`               | Inline style binding |
| `vstyle-obj`           | Inline style binding with objects |
| `vclass`               | Class binding |
| `vclass-obj`           | Class binding with objects |
| `vclass-obj-mult`      | Multiple conditional class bindings |
| `vanim`                | Transition component with JS hooks |
| `vnuxtl`               | Nuxt Routing Link |

### Script

| Snippet                | Purpose             |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| `vdata`                | Component data as a function |
| `vmethod`              | Vue method |
| `vcomputed`            | Vue computed property |
| `vwatcher`             | Vue watcher with new and old value args |
| `vprops`               | Props with type and default |
| `vimport`              | Import one component into another |
| `vimport-c`            | Import one component into another within the export statement |
| `vimport-export`       | Import one component into another and use it within the export statement |
| `vfilter`              | Vue filter |
| `vmixin`               | Create a Vue Mixin |
| `vmixin-use`           | Bring a mixin into a component to use |
| `vc-direct`            | Vue create a custom directive |
| `vimport-lib`          | Import a library |
| `vimport-gsap`         | Import GreenSock with Timeline and Eases |
| `vanimhook-js`         | Using the Transition component JS hooks in methods |
| `vcommit`              | Commit to Vuex store in methods for mutation |
| `vdispatch`            | Dispatch to Vuex store in methods for action |
| `vinc`                 | incrementer |
| `vdec`                 | decrementer |

### Vuex

| Snippet                | Purpose             |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| `vstore`               | Base for Vuex store.js |
| `vgetter`              | Vuex Getter |
| `vmutation`            | Vuex Mutation |
| `vaction`              | Vuex Action |
| `vstore-import`        | Import vuex store into main.js |

### Nuxt Config

| Snippet                | Purpose             |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| `nfont`                | link to include fonts in a nuxt project, in nuxt-config |
| `ncss`                 | link to css assets such as normalize |

### Extra (plaintext)

| Snippet                | Purpose             |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| `gitignore`            | .gitignore file presets |


## Contributing
This is an open source project open to anyone. Contributions are welcome [github](https://github.com/sdras/vue-vscode-snippets)
